Function:	
	A set of statements written inside a block and given a name.These statements will be executed when the block is called with its name.
	A subprogram which helps in accomplishing a given task

All functions constitute into a big enterprise and results in million lines of code.
Example: YouTube, Facebook, Social Network

If all the code is in a single sequence, we will not be able to manage it. So parts of code is required and thus modularity was brought into picture. This is how the industry works.
It is good and easier for people to develop  the modules and finally integrate	

Advantages of using functions in python:
	Brings modularity
	Increases readability
	Memory is conserved i.e., repeated invocations of the same function	


1. Redraw the diagram discussed in class, written for two functions in monolithic programming languages
	f1  consumes 10Kb    
	f2  consumes  100Kb
Function call is replaced with suite

2. Use of context switching
Redraw the diagram discussed in class. There is only one copy of f1 and f2. Sharing of functions happen. When the function is in use, context switching happens
This avoids repeatition and readability is increased

Process Control Block(PCB)
	Process is a program in execution. PCB is used to manage the processes.
Python code executes on interpreter/hardware and finally executed on CPU. But we have only handful of registers for both main and sub program. Hence requires context switching. The current context is stored in PCB

How to define a function in Python?
	def fname([parameters]):   #leader/ header
		statements			#suite
where def - keyword
          fname - valid identifier
          parameters - optional ones


All functions are associated with definition, call and return values

definition: leader and suite is defined and kept ready for calling it. When interpreter sees this line, leader is processed. It means, entry is made in symbol table with name of the function/address and parameters

call: ( ) is the call operator. No : in the function call. If the entry for paricular function is available in symbol table, suite is processed. Else it is a NameError

return:
	Value - returning function: return type is of any type. Explicit return keyword is required with a type other than None.
	Non - value returning function: return type is None for a function implicitly